(upbeat music)
(whistling)
Hi there, I'm Wes Bos,
thank you so much for checking out what the flexbox.
This is 20 videos aimed at getting you
up and running with flexbox.
So, I created these videos because flexbox is hard.
It's really, really powerful,
but there's really a lot to it
and you can often find yourself stumbling
and trying to figure out what combination of property values
you actually need to make it do what you want.
So, of the 20 videos, the first 13 are flexbox fundamentals.
So, we go through every single piece of flexbox,
all the property values.
Really understanding what they do,
when you use them, and how you use them.
And then the seven, the last seven,
are more real life examples.
So, what we're gonna do is go ahead
and build something like a flexbox navigation,
or a flexbox form, or at the end
we're gonna build a mobile app layout entirely in flexbox.
So, sign on up for the videos.
You can grab all of them, as well as the exercises,
by just popping your email in there.
And I will see you soon,
let me know what you think.
Thanks so much.
(upbeat music)
(whistling)